[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 supernatural horror film
in chapter 1 so let's get started one
quick thing to note before starting the
monster in this movie known as it can
shape-shift he often takes the form of a
clown called Pennywise the dancing clown
for the sake of the summary the two
names are used interchangeably the film
opens in 1988 with bill making a
sailboat for his younger brother Georgie
in the town of Derry Maine
Georgie's boat falls into the storm
drain and he sees Pennywise the dancing
clown and Georgie's arm is torn off and
he is dragged into the sewer
the following summer bill and his
friends Ritchie Eddie and Stan all
traveled to where they think Georgie's
body might be they meet up with a
classmate Ben who has been keeping tabs
on unexplained tragedies and child
disappearance that have been happening
for centuries in the town Ben is pursued
by a bully Henry Bowers and his gang
while transversing the sewers a member
of Bowers gang is killed by Pennywise
Bill's group is joined by Beverly and
Mike later on each member of the group
realizes that they've encountered some
version of Pennywise that has manifested
based off their specific fears calling
themselves the loser club they dub the
monster it they realize that it appears
every 27 years to feed on the children
of Derry
and lives in the sewers leading to a
well underneath an abandoned home the
losers Club travelled to the home to
encounter it where it tries to scare
them but they fight him off and flee the
house weeks later
Beverly incapacitates her sexually
abusive father and she is abducted by
penny wise the loser Club goes back to
the house to save her the bully Bowers
now gone insane because of penny wise
after killing his father is now
attacking the group and eventually falls
to his apparent death the losers travel
into the sewers to find its lair which
has the bodies of its victims floating
in the air
Beverly goes catatonic after being
exposed to bright lights inside
it's gaping mouth but is restored when
Ben kisses her bill encounters his
brother Georgie but realize it's
Pennywise in disguise Villas taken
hostage and Pennywise says that he'll
spare the others if they've let him feed
on bill
the losers fight back and defeated
fighting their fears bill declares that
it will starve
during its hibernation as the summer
ends Beverley informs the group that she
had a vision when she was catatonic of
them fighting off it again as adults
they swear a blood oath to return as
adults if it ever returns bill and
Beverley discussed her leaving for
Portland and bill reveals his feelings
for her as they kiss as the film
concludes so that was a spoilers for it
chapter one if you have another film
you'd like to see us spoil please let us
know in the comments below check out our
other videos on the it franchise as well
as movie spoiler alerts on Instagram and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching